I...
want nothing more than to love you.
But...
it's difficult for me to have a child.
I didn't know how to tell you this...
because I was worried...
that you might leave me because of this...
or look at me like that.
But I guess it doesn't matter how I tell you.
I know you're shocked by this.
But let's...
- try... - No.
No, wait.
Wait. No, Ha Ri...
Ha Ri.
Wait.
(Episode 11: No Words Can Express...)
(How Much I Love You and How Sorry I Am)
Where were you?
Mr. Kim has been waiting for you.
Something came up. Let's go inside.
The companies that renewed their advertisement contracts...
We already talked about that yesterday.
I wanted to have a meeting regarding the cover.
Is next month's cover going to be a baby as well?
Who did you cast?
Leila, the baby who shot for the fashion section last month.
Can we please cast a celebrity?
Are we going to do a sponsored photo shoot?
Must we do that?
Only few advertisers are willing to do that.
Casting budget isn't enough.
Ms. Jang, do you know any celebrities personally?
Ms. Jang.
Yes?
Our competitor, "Eco and Babe",
is going to have Lee Mi Do...
and her baby on their cover next month.
Really? How did they cast them?
Ms. Jang, we should also cast a top celebrity.
Ms. Jang, every time I meet advertisers,
they compare us with our competitor.
Not only does it hurt my pride,
but we always end up losing our advertisements.
Okay, fine. Sure.
- Really? - Yes.
- Any parcels for "The Baby"? - Just a second.
Thank you.
Hello.
Don't you have anything to say to me?
I mean...
Well...
They are too heavy.
Why did you do that?
What?
Did something happen during the weekend?
Yes.
Why aren't you coming?
No way.
Is she the person you wanted to ask out?
Eu Ddeum, please organize this.
How is Do Ah?
She took medicine, so she'll be fine.
She really should clean this up.
She'll get hurt on her way down.
You should go upstairs. I think she came home.
I have nothing to say to her.
Why? Can't you even look at her?
I'm scared I might confess my feelings.
Then it'll end our relationship.
I totally approve of you.
It's too bad that Ha Ri doesn't feel the same way.
Why do you approve of me being with her though?
I'm a divorced single father.
I'm a divorced single mother too.
To Ha Ri, you were like...
a father and a brother.
I felt bad that she was always alone,
so I was glad to know that she at least had you.
It's why I depended on you too.
Decades ago, your mom and I...
promised to have our kids marry each other,
but you went chasing after another girl.
The man Ha Ri's seeing...
Is he the one she went to Mureung with?
Yes.
Is he not up to par?
Won't it work out?
Are you waiting because they'll break up?
Truth be told, I don't want her to be with anyone.
But what can I do when he's the one...
Ha Ri truly wants?
I should give up.
Gosh.
Goodness, Do Ah.
So did you two break up?
Is that it?
Are we supposed to do this until your heart heals from the pain?
We won't break up.
Then tell me.
Why did you make me come here at this hour...
when you and Ms. Jang are still solid?
What the...
- Darn it. - I'm infertile.
- What? - Why did I find it hard to say...
when it's this easy?
You?
You and not Ms. Jang?
I Sang, is that why you and In Ah broke up?
So? Does Ms. Jang want to end things too?
It only had to be hard for me,
but now...
Soo Chul.
There's somewhere I need to go.
Go ahead without me.
I'm sorry.
I'm truly sorry.
What I did...
was wrong.
I just...
wanted to tell you that.
Tell me...
the rest of your story.
Before the wedding,
I got myself tested.
I didn't show any symptoms...
and everything seemed normal,
so I didn't think there would be an issue.
But we found out that I had a fertility issue.
We thought that I'd get better...
after three months of treatment,
but only a painful breakup...
awaited us.
My heart...
went through...
the most painful time...
moving on from that breakup...
that I didn't want...
to get involved with you because it could lead to a similar outcome.
However,
I fell for you,
and I knew...
that my condition...
would hurt you more...
which is what...
worried me the most.
You also...
experienced your world ending in front of your eyes.
Still, if you didn't want to hurt me...
and if you cared about me,
you should've told me sooner.
Accepting my own fate was hard enough.
I should go.
She never bothered to drink these,
but I see that she has been this time.
Okay, take a deep breath.
And exhale.
All done.
The pneumonia is lasting longer than I expected.
That's bad, isn't it?
It'll get better once we treat it, so don't worry.
Are you having fun? Here.
I'll buy you ice cream once you're all better. I promise.
- You're free to go. - Thank you.
Doctor.
- Thank you. - Goodbye.
What do luxurious baby panties...
and elegant bloomers look like?
They look luxurious and elegant.
Hyo Joo. Can you not write an article...
without using slang?
- Rewrite it without slang. - Yes, ma'am.
- What? - The baby model can't make it...
for the toy ad. They called and notified us.
Please bring your friend's baby.
You sound so arrogant, I feel like I owe you.
Fine.
(List of ovulation-inducing agents)
- Yeon Ho. - Yes?
Do men get injections of ovulation agents too?
Yes. They use that to treat male infertility too.
I hear men have to get it...
2 to 3 times a week for 3 months straight.
I knew it was hard on women, but it must be hard on men too.
What?
I'm really going to change jobs this time.
You said you were really going to change jobs last time too.
You're not a pathological liar, are you?
You brat. I mean it.
I have no reason to stay here anymore.
But one year doesn't even count as experience, right?
Is it better to switch jobs after 1 to 2 years,
or...
is it better to find a new job as quickly as possible?
If you get hired for the job you want, you take it. Period.
This was the job I wanted.
Oh my gosh.
Why are you whispering instead of doing your work?
Include me too.
Competitors keep shutting down,
so people keep calling to ask if we'll have an issue next month.
I guess I should find a new job.
I feel your pain.
They say that every year. I'm sure it's just a rumor.
I don't think it is, that's why.
Why are you...
What are you doing here...
It's working hours.
So?
Are you hurt?
Why do you care?
What's it to you even if I break my wrist?
Because I know you personally.
Do you care about and take care of everyone woman you know?
You're a real jerk, you know that?
I know I may be a bit dumb, but I'm not a bad person.
Listen.
You don't know you're bad, right?
That's even worse.
Why are you being like this to me?
Why am I a bad person?
What bad things did I do to you? I don't understand.
Why are you considerate?
Why did you run to the store to buy me bandage,
smile at me,
and make me get the wrong idea?
I'm so humiliated.
- Why are you crying? - I'm not crying.
Why is this running?
This was supposed to be waterproof.
Are you crying because your mascara ran?
I'll buy you a better one, so don't cry.
Hey!
Stop that, will you?
Don't be so nice to me.
Do you sell mascara here?
Are you unable to go in because of me?
A test shot.
We'll use a small picture as an image cut.
Like this?
That's good. Yes.
- I'll help you. - No, I'll do it.
I said...
I was afraid of hurting you, right?
So I won't.
Let's find a way together.
I'll do everything I can,
- so... - You said it was unbearably hard.
You said it came to a painful end.
You said love is like a miracle.
You said you never let go of the people you love.
That's the solution I'm thinking of.
It'll kill you inside because you can't give it to me.
And it'll kill me inside because I can't be hopeful.
We'd be perfectly fine if we didn't want kids.
If it weren't for me,
you wouldn't have to suffer this pain.
Don't say that, Ha Ri.
Maybe we never should've started to begin with.
- Did you go to Art Department? - Yes.
Where's Ms. Jang?
- Did she go somewhere? - Yes.
By the way, Hyo Joo disappeared.
She disappeared?
Her bag is still here, but she was gone all day,
and I can't even reach her.
Do you think she drank during working hours again?
- No! - Gosh, you startled me.
She helped me organize the storage room today.
- Oh, okay. - I see.
Bye!
- Bye. - See you.
My gosh!
Gosh, I'm dying.
Ms... Ms. Choi.
- My gosh. - Ms. Choi.
You need to wake up. It's time to go home.
- You'll catch a cold. - Cut the nonsense.
I won't catch anything.
My gosh, I want to have just one more shot.
Where am I?
Gosh, I'm so tired.
My gosh.
Gosh, let me down.
Will you help me?
- My gosh. - No, wait.
Let's have one more drink.
You have arrived at your destination.
The GPS ends here.
Ms. Choi. Ms. Choi.
I followed the GPS. Is this where you live?
My gosh, lower the volume.
Gosh, it's so loud.
Lower the GPS volume.
What's your building and unit number?
If you tell me the passcode, I'll take you home.
How dare you try to enter my house?
This is where I live.
What should I do?
Her address is in Busan.
I think she forgot to register her new address.
Then is it okay if we stay here...
until tomorrow morning?
- Sure. - Thank you.
Thank goodness.
She should stay warm while she sleeps.
What do you want?
Do Ah's fast asleep.
Your mom offered to keep an eye on her.
There's this drama I watch.
But your mom is watching something else.
Is there something wrong?
What's with that look on your face?
Aren't you here to watch a drama?
If not, just leave.
It hasn't even been that long, and you're already so sad.
I knew you'd be like this.
Just don't date anyone if you can't handle it.
You know nothing.
How could you have known when I didn't even see it coming?
How many people do you think open up about everything...
and still date each other because they're so in love?
Do people like that even exist?
Who dates someone knowing that they'll get hurt?
Gosh, that brat.
(Sperm King)
Eu Ddeum, do you know Han I Sang's number?
Come in.
I guess you really like showing off.
You live alone.
Your house is huge.
I'm sure you're not here to take a tour of my house.
Have a seat. Would you like some tea?
If you have a lot to say, I'll bring alcohol.
It's not something to say over a nice cup of tea.
And let's not drink because I might hit you.
Then let's just talk like this.
Sure.
I want to know...
what happened between you guys.
If you're going to break up with her, just hurry up.
You know she's in a hurry, so don't waste her time and opportunity.
She already has a lot on her mind.
Let's not make it worse and make her suffer emotionally.
Ha Ri finally managed to find someone she likes.
Can't you just support us?
I would've been still worried even if she was on cloud nine.
But she's hurting with a big frown on her face.
So how do you expect me to support you?
I'm okay if she breaks up with the guy who isn't right for her.
So I'm going to keep interfering with your relationship.
Will you be able to handle me for the rest of your life?
I'll just think of you as something that comes along with her.
I'm saying I'm going to stop you.
I don't really like you.
I didn't like you from the start.
It looks like something went wrong as soon as you started dating.
And someone needs to disapprove in order to make you reconsider.
So I'm going to be the mean mother-in-law.
As a friend or a man?
I can only deal with you when we're both equal as men.
You need to choose what you want to be.
Right now, you're neither her friend...
nor a man to her.
Okay.
Let's wait and see how things turn out for you.
Sure. You can sit back and watch...
what I eventually become.
You're up.
I am.
Oh my...
Hello, ma'am.
Mr. Han, what are you doing here?
I'm waiting for my girlfriend.
Your girlfriend?
Well, it's just my daughter and I...
who live here...
Are you Ha Ri's mother?
The minx that stole you away...
is my Ha Ri?
My gosh. Hello, my son-in-law!
My goodness. You're got to be kidding me.
Unbelievable.
Auntie?
Do you know him?
You two seem chummy for some reason...
with all the hand-holding.
Well,
we're not exactly friends. It's...
We learn leather crafting together.
"We"?
Together?
I meant that we take the same classes.
We don't actually go there together.
It's true. We're not close in any way.
Didn't you call me your son-in-law just now?
What?
Son-in-law?
Anyway, Ha Ri went to the office early,
so you should head to work too.
You should also...
drop Do Ah off and head to your clinic.
I have an aerobics class to get to, so bye.
Ha Ri's mother called me her son-in-law earlier.
- Forget it. - She approved of me...
a long time ago.
We should head to work.
That's exactly what I'm doing.
It's Jeon Tae Hui.
I've never seen a celebrity before.
Me neither. How can she look that great in purple?
- Out of all the women I've seen... - She's pretty.
Is she really?
I guess she is and purple suits her.
That means I can never wear purple myself. Enjoy mine too.
Have a good day.
Jeon Tae Hui!
- Ms. Jang. - My gosh!
- Ms. Jang! - Jeon Tae Hui is at the studio.
She's shooting the cover of "Bo SHOW" with Mr. Han.
Here. Look at this!
Jeon Tae Hui and Mr. Han must be tight.
I think he's someone we should've respected more.
Rather than shooting it at their studio,
"Bo SHOW" let Mr. Han take the photos instead.
It means it was requested by Jeon Tae Hui.
My gosh!
I once called him an idiot for shooting...
the breast pump upside down.
It must've been intended,
but I didn't know any better.
How stupid of me.
I can't believe you said that.
I'm sure it's all right though.
What if I got on his bad side?
- It happens. - This is killing me.
- What do I do? - How can he know Jeon Tae Hui?
- My gosh. - I can't believe it.
Gosh!
- Let's go. - Hold on.
Do you have a photo shoot today?
I can't believe she's here when I look like a mess.
Ms. Jang, you should get over there.
- Why? - To book Jeon Tae Hui.
Me?
Good. That's great.
All right. That looks amazing.
Exactly. That's it.
Good.
Even I would look that good once dolled up by professionals.
A reincarnation would be faster.
Don't be so harsh on her.
She just wants to be famous too.
Okay, nice. Looking good.
Can you retouch her makeup and check her hair?
You look amazing.
We'll take a break.
Mr. Han, I especially love this photo.
This one looks great too.
You're amazing as always.
Why those...
Is she having a spasm? Why are her lashes flickering?
Keep your hands to yourselves, you wenches.
He's Ms. Jang's property.
Why don't we let them know that?
Yes, let's do that.
This too.
You're an amazing photographer.
Let's change outfits.
Ha Ri, we'll leave you to it then.
- Good luck. - You're the best.
- We wish you luck. - Go for it!
You're the best. Good luck.
Hello, I'm Jang Ha Ri, editor-in-chief of "The Baby".
I see. It's good to see you.
Didn't you try to book me before?
I remember getting a few offers.
Of course we called. You're Jeon Tae Hui after all.
I even reviewed the essay you wrote on childrearing.
I'm sorry, but I'll decline...
if you're asking me to be in your magazine.
I don't let strangers interview me, you see.
Most of them end up making things up.
What if we became well-acquainted then?
I'll give you some space.
You're a celebrity and I'm a journalist,
so we both are biased toward one another.
However, we also don't know each other.
So how about we talk for a little while...
and you get to know me?
You can agree to the interview if you think I'm trustworthy enough.
Maybe if Mr. Han asked...
May I ask how you two know each other?
Mr. Han and I?
Why would you bring me into this...
when it's her putting effort into your interview?
You can trust her. I've worked with no one better.
While working close to moms,
instead of learning how to kiss up to them,
she learned how to move them.
You won't have to explain yourself to her at length.
Even if you say the minimum, she'll fully get you.
If you're done with your makeup, let's get back to the photo shoot.
(Your visions at this company)
(Annoying Jerk)
- Yes, what is it? - What took you so long to pick up?
I'm busy, that's why.
Are you busy later today?
Can we meet?
What for?
I'll buy dinner, so promise to meet me.
Okay, fine.
Darn, I'm busy as it is.
Gosh, this is good.
Is Ha Ri breaking up with him?
What? Why?
That was a question, not a statement.
- Did she tell you anything? - No.
Something's up.
Why did you ignore my warning,
call me out late at night, bribe me with chicken, and ask about them?
What do you want?
Why do you disapprove of me so?
Is there a reason other than the fact that I have a kid?
I know you were willing to say anything to keep Jeong Won,
but was that necessary?
What?
I hate you for not even knowing...
that you hurt her.
Hello?
- Are you on your way? - Yes.
I don't believe you.
Don't stray anywhere else, and come quickly.
I'm exhausted.
What's with this attitude?
Is that how you talk to someone bringing you fresh underwear?
I'm talking on the phone in the politest position.
Yoon Jae Young. Don't you dare me bring you underwear again.
Jeong Won will be offended.
She hasn't been home in over a week either.
I'm sure she'll understand.
Fine, fine. Gosh.
I'm exhausted.
Did you get some sleep?
I'm going to go home. I'll sleep after I wash up.
You need to wash up.
You're out of underwear, right?
Ha Ri is bringing me some with clothes to change.
Ha Ri is bringing you your underwear?
Yes.
What? I asked a friend for a favor.
What's the big deal?
Jeong Won.
Must you get mad at this?
If not, we should break up.
Don't say that.
I really dislike the fact that your best friend is a girl.
But not only that, she goes over to my guy's place anytime,
and touches his underwear. How could I be understanding?
I haven't been home in a month.
You barely get any sleep either.
Ha Ri was the only person I could ask.
Then...
can a guy friend touch my underwear?
Hey, Jeong Won.
Ha Ri isn't a female friend.
We're like siblings. She's like my sister.
But she isn't your sister.
She and I have no gender.
We've been friends since we were in our moms' wombs.
Why are you getting jealous for no reason?
Are they arguing?
Jae Young!
Hold on.
I don't like this relationship.
If I marry you, it'll feel like the three of us are living together.
I'm sorry.
- Are you okay? Darn it. - They scared me.
What is this?
Darn it.
- Sorry, Ha Ri. - For what?
I'll call you later.
Hey. Your underwear...
Hey, you freak! Your underwear...
Please give this...
- to Dr. Yoon Jae Young. - Okay.
I'll do it. Why not?
I won't see Ha Ri again.
You're the one that matters to me right now.
Do you think you can do that?
I won't...
see Ha Ri again. For the rest of my life.
I'll do it.
And I thought he was my friend.
Ha Ri heard that?
She may have understood, but it still hurt.
Then you cut off all ties.
She only heard about your wedding from her mother.
If you...
dumped a blood-relative-like friend, you should've been happy together.
Whatever. It's not my business.
I should bring some chicken for the kids.
One fried and one spicy to go please.
Okay.
What now?
Hey.
When did you shove them in there?
So why are you doing my laundry?
You should've refused, and made me stop.
You should've stayed angry. Why did you give in?
To a bad friend like me.
See? You're complaining even when I'm nice.
You should've told me to get lost.
You never should've talked to me again.
Idiot.
Why do you take it all like it doesn't bother you?
Sorry about everything.
Hey.
Again.
Okay. Play.
Okay. Sure. Okay.
Be more natural.
Stop it. Don't do the V.
Kids. Let's not do this.
Just have fun playing.
Did I tell you...
to do the V or not when you take pictures?
You said to do it.
Well... Okay.
But that's only when you take them with me.
Not when Mr. Han takes your pictures, okay?
But it'll go "click" only after I hold up a V.
He isn't going "click" right now.
Just play among yourselves. Don't look here.
But he went, "Click".
- Why you... - Ma'am.
It may be better for you not to watch.
Okay.
Okay. Okay. Get it together.
- Smile! Big smile! - Okay.
Okay. Good. Nice.
Hello.
- Hi. - Hey.
Okay.
Let's do it one more time. Okay.
It's fun.
Eu Ddeum. I heard that table is being transformed.
Yes. Just a minute.
Kids, I've brought you something amazing.
Guess what I've prepared?
Ta-da!
I'm going to hide these jellies in there.
Only the person who finds these can do the V.
- Okay. - Okay!
Close your eyes.
No peeking.
Why is he so smart?
Eu Ddeum?
Pardon? No, no. That table.
The table.
Now, open your eyes!
You may begin.
Okay. Let's see who finds it first.
Do the V.
Slow down. You'll fall.
Hey. Wait! Slowly! Slowly!
- Did the shoot go well? - Ha Ri.
They were pains in the neck.
Aren't you busy?
I'm using you to take a break.
Come here.
- Really? - Let's go.
I think I saw him in passing.
Hey. When will you introduce him to me?
Is it nice dating? What do you like the best?
What's wrong? Did something happen with him?
Everything was great.
I wanted to be with him.
And I missed him the moment we said goodbye.
And what I liked most about him...
Well...
You know the little stuff that make you feel really close?
The way we touched each other...
felt so natural and normal.
He really felt like my person.
The small and friendly things we did...
made it seem like we really belonged to each other.
It felt so nice to be loved.
And he could see my true self...
even when I felt so small.
He's someone who's able to recognize the real me.
But what should I do?
Apparently, he can't...
have babies just like me.
- I need to go to the bathroom. - Okay.
(Urology Clinic)
(Male Infertility Clinic)
Is this why?
Mr. Han.
I'll keep it short. I want you to break up with her.
Ha Ri won't be able to do it because she's too nice.
She'll feel guilty about abandoning you.
So you should leave her instead of making her feel that way.
Leave us to deal with it.
You never should've started anything in the first place...
if you knew about your condition.
I couldn't ignore my feelings for her.
You selfish jerk.
Think of Ha Ri and ask yourself if you're qualified.
What about you?
Do you think you're qualified?
(Nitwit)
Where are you right now?
What do you want?
Did you know about Han I Sang's problem?
You knew?
You dated him even if you knew?
How did you find out?
Just break up with him.
Don't waste your time on something that won't work out.
Is it that easy for you to abandon people?
It wasn't easy.
It wasn't easy cutting ties with you or Jeong Won.
But back then,
I was worried I might regret it if I let go of Jeong Won.
Then why are you telling me to break up with him?
Because right now,
I regret having abandoned you back then.
You'll end up regretting your decision...
no matter what you choose.
Between him and a baby,
think of what you want more desperately.
I don't know.
Ha Ri.
If you keep seeing him, things will only become more difficult.
Are you sure you won't regret...
having missed your chance to get what you want?
(I Sang)
Right now, I want to see him.
Did you meet Jae Young?
Nothing happened. You don't need to worry.
What are you trying to do?
Your life depends on this.
So let's try to think of what to do.
I'll also do everything I can to make it work...
What if there's no miracle?
What if I turn out to be wrong?
What will I do then?
We should do our best until the very end.
I didn't start this only to give up so easily.
I just don't think I can do this.
Just think of one thing.
Are you sure you want to lose me?
Is that why women always choose the baby...
if they had to choose...
between the person they love or their baby?
I won't let go...
of the person I love.
I know that having a baby is a miracle.
But I haven't fallen in love for the past 10 years,
so love is also a miracle to me.
It wasn't a mistake.
I...
like you, Ms. Jang.
No.
I can't.
(Oh My Baby)
Even if the results aren't good, I'll keep trying until it works.
Is there an issue with him?
No, he's not that kind of person.
Must you put yourself through this?
I like him a lot.
How about we go on a trip?
Why do you keep on waiting?
Why wait when you don't know if he'll be here or not?
Him showing up isn't what's important.
What matters is that I'm waiting for him.
Why would you wait for a guy...
you can't be certain about?